# LottoGenerator
LottoGenerator is a tool to generate Lotto number combinations based on most winning and/or your favorite numbers.

This is an open opportunity for anyone to try and hopefully catch a win.  There is no monetary involvement, this is open source and available to all.  You can't win if you don't play.  Good luck!


# Disclaimer:

Open Source Code “Open Source Code” shall mean any software code that is distributed as “free software” or “open source software” or is otherwise distributed publicly in source code form under terms that permit modification and redistribution of such software. Open Source Code includes software code that is licensed under the GNU General Public License, GNU Lesser General Public License, Mozilla License, Common Public License, Apache License, BSD License, Artistic License, or Sun Community Source License. Open Source Software The Software product may include certain open source components that are subject to open source licenses (“Open Source Software”), in which case, the embedded Open Source Software is owned by a third party. The Open Source Software is not subject to the terms and conditions of this XXXX. Instead, each item of Open Source Software is licensed under its applicable license terms which accompanies such Open Source Software. Nothing in this XXXX limits your rights under, nor grants you rights that supersede, the terms and conditions of any applicable license terms for the Open Source Software. Any fees charged by GC in connection with the SOFTWARE, do not apply to the Open Source Software for which fees may not be charged under the applicable license terms. The terms and conditions of the applicable license for the Open Source Software are available on the LICENSE.txt file, which is provided with the SOFTWARE. Open Source 15.1 All software created for the Buyer must be suitable for publication as open source, unless otherwise agreed by the Buyer. Third Party Software 1. The Software may contain third party software that requires and/or additional terms and conditions. Such required third party software notices and/or additional terms and conditions are located at xxxx://xxx.xxxxxxxxx.xxx/thirdparty/index.html and are made a part of and incorporated by reference into this XXXX. By accepting this XXXX, You are also accepting the additional terms and conditions, if any, set forth therein. SOFTWARE LICENSE GRANT Where Product is acquired on a licensed basis the following shall constitute the license grant: Software Warranty We warrant that the Tyler Software will perform without Defects during the term of this Agreement. If the Tyler Software does not perform as warranted, we will use all reasonable efforts, consistent with industry standards, to cure the Defect in accordance with the maintenance and support process set forth in Section C(9), below, the SLA and our then current Support Call Process. Use of Software Any software that is available on the Services ("Software") is the copyrighted work of Red Hat and/or its licensors. Copying or reproducing the Software to any other server or location for further reproduction or redistribution is strictly prohibited, unless such reproduction or redistribution is permitted by a license agreement accompanying such Software. You may not create derivative works of the Software, or attempt to decompile or reverse-engineer the Software unless otherwise permitted by law. Use of the Software is subject to the license terms of any license agreement that may accompany or is provided with the Software. You may not download any Software until you have read and accepted the terms of the accompanying software license. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, THE SOFTWARE IS WARRANTED, IF AT ALL, ONLY ACCORDING TO THE TERMS OF THE SEPARATE LICENSE AGREEMENT ACCOMPANYING THE SOFTWARE. EXCEPT AS WARRANTED IN SUCH LICENSE AGREEMENT, RED HAT, ITS PARENT, SUBSIDIARY, AND AFFILIATE COMPANIES, AND ITS LICENSORS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
